feat: Add vsphere-supervisor builder (#220)
hashicorp/packer-plugin-vsphere: docs/builders/vsphere-supervisor.mdx

---
modeline: |
  vim: set ft=pandoc:
description: >
  The Packer builder that deploys a VM-Service vm to a vSphere Supervisor cluster.
page_title: vSphere Supervisor - Builders
sidebar_title: Supervisor
---

# VMware vSphere Supervisor Builder

Type: `vsphere-supervisor`

> Artifact BuilderId: `jetbrains.vsphere`

Author: Ah I think it's a copypasta from the other existing builder :)
Updated it to `vsphere.supervisor`.

This builder deploys new VMs to a vSphere Supervisor cluster.

- It uses kubeconfig file to connect to the vSphere Supervisor cluster.
- It uses the VM-Service API to deploy and configure the source VM.
- It uses the Packer provisioners to customize the VM after deployment.

> - A new feature will be available soon to publish customized VM as a new VM image to the vSphere endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Planned enhancements will introduce the ability to publish the customized VM as a new VM image to the vSphere endpoint.
```

## Examples

Example Packer template:

<Tabs>
<Tab heading="HCL2">

```hcl
source "vsphere-supervisor" "example-vm" {
  image_name = "<Image name of the source VM, e.g. 'ubuntu-impish-21.10-cloudimg'>"
  class_name = "<VM class that describes the virtual hardware settings, e.g. 'best-effort-large'>"
  storage_class = "<Storage class that provides the backing storage for volume, e.g. 'wcplocal-storage-profile'>"
}

build {
  sources = ["source.vsphere-supervisor.example-vm"]
}
```

</Tab>
<Tab heading="JSON">

```json
{
  "builders": [
    {
      "type": "vsphere-supervisor",
      "image_name": "<Image name of the source VM, e.g. 'ubuntu-impish-21.10-cloudimg'>"
      "class_name": "<VM class that describes the virtual hardware settings, e.g. 'best-effort-large'>",
      "storage_class": "<Storage class that provides the backing storage for volume, e.g. 'wcplocal-storage-profile'>"
    }
  ]
}
```

</Tab>
</Tabs>

> Please check the [examples/supervisor folder](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer-plugin-vsphere/tree/main/builder/vsphere/examples/supervisor) for more complete examples.

Reviewer 2: Just calling out that the examples are available via GitHub and not within the docs. 
```suggestion
Please check the [examples/supervisor folder](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer-plugin-vsphere/tree/main/builder/vsphere/examples/supervisor) within the GitHub repository for more complete examples.
```
